

#1: safecrash

airdop to safemoon holders

stake lp tokens to rebase cash
  from others who dont stake

when above a penny, you can crash it





#2: Partial Ownership

NFT is minted (can represent anything)
can be taken by anyone from your wallet as
  long as they pay a fee

You can set a price that they cant take it unless
  they payer higher than that fee
  - you pay a flat annual 2% on that amount
  - The token is untransferrable until you pay the interest.

- reverse bondng curve

- bundle a bond with purchase or mint


let nft interest + bond and someone wants to claim it
  stated price purchased



- as long as there is a bond the token is transferrable by Owner
  when they transfer it, it pays the bond - interest back to Owner

- if you opt for no contest period, you pay less interest 2% vs 5%
- if you dont have a bond it can be instantly aquired
- if you have a bond you have a contest to raise bond.

stated price + bond to eat interest

  bond only exists to eat interest
  bond is depeleted, it eats at stated price

    what if after bond is depleted, interst chips at stated price until post another bond.
      exponential decay once bond is gone based on time since bond kinda like liquidation
      bond has to be some >=20% of the stated price
        - the higher you require the min bond to be the more lax you can make the decay
      they can change the stated price at any time as long as they have a big enough bond


      you have to post a bond with the stated price


      cooldown
      back taxes when you raise the stated price





structure

Sloths
  -> commonPartial721  
  keeps track of who owns what. calls BondManager
  to determine if transfer is allowed

  NEW METHODS

  takeToken(_tokenId) external payable
    checks if >= stated price and claims it
  getClaimablePrice(_tokenId) internal;

  contract queries BondManager to find collected interest
  calls

    -> IERC721
    -> BondManager.sol
      IMPORTS library InterestCalculator.sol
    -> NftBurner.sol
      -> logic for reverse bonding curve

  //TODO finish planning


gameplan
  1.) implement 721 interface and boilerplate in place
  1.5) mock address and setup test environment
  2.) implement 721 where anyone can claim others NFT
  3.) make it so a stated price can be placed and bond is
    posted. Stated price blocks claiming
  4.) add interest calculator on bond
  5.) add exponential decrease of stated price



regality distribution of prices of punks 
10th percintile price etc
shape of curve
compare with shape of yacht club

we know how much it will take for taxes of top percent for trasurey to exceed value of bottom Owns 
model how long it takes to be economical to burn the bottom of the historgram for a % of the trasurty
rate we collect taxes

"every few months it will be positive value for burning"

what % of the bottom end do we want burned to be dynamic



membership card

- card's voting power is equivelent to how many NFTs they have in the accepted collection
- there isnt a fixed mint


- we can issue one card per animal in 
any collection because if you trade away
 your animal, there isnt a holdout problem 
 incentive to hold on to your key card

-  femboy cum








  









